Unknown: My name is Jay Freeman.
And I chose to take online
classes at KCTCS. Because I have
three children, and I have to
work to support those children.
And I needed to get an education
that worked around my schedule,
which is busy. I had my own
online business that I ran for
four years. And I did that from
home. And then COVID hit, which
made it really hard to continue
on with that. So I made the
decision to shut that business
down. And I had to figure out
what I was going to do with my
life from there. So I thought
the best place to start is
school KCTCS was definitely
worth my time. And that same day
I called advising, they set me
up a time to come meet with
them. I walked out with my
schedule in my hand, it was
super easy. I actually had some
credits from before, they were
easy to transfer in, I got
credit for all of those classes,
I was able to easily fit school
into my schedule, around my kids
sports around my job, I would
get off work in the afternoon,
and beat my kids home before
they got off school. And I would
spend a few hours doing homework
then. And then I got to run them
around to sports and get them to
bed and get them fed. And then
after all of that I can hop back
on on my laptop and access my
classes and get some more work
done. KCTCS online helped me be
successful by making everything
really easy and streamlined.
Everything's in the Blackboard
app. It's easy to get to your
assignments. It's nice to be
able to view your professors
give you lectures, and take
notes so that you can be
prepared for your tests. I
majored in criminal justice, I
would like to continue on to law
school one day, being a
successful student at KCTCS
definitely helped me advance my
career. I did start at the
bookstore as a part time
employee. And shortly after I
graduated and was asked to be
the commencement speaker at
graduation, I was then promoted.
It was just really easy. It was
easy to fit into my schedule. It
was easy to keep my kids first.
It was easy to continue working.
But I definitely felt like I was
part of a school. I felt the
school spirit I felt the
camaraderie of my peers and it
was a really great experience.
Let's get real with us. You'll
get a great education that can
lead to a great career faster,
even better. You want to end up
with crippling debt. College for
the real world College for your
world.